- Hello, and welcome
- to Britain's Got Talent
- DAVID:Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
- Hasta la vista, baby.
- This was fantastic
- ALESHA: You came here to play
- tonight
- That could not have gone any better
- You will be in the final
- May God bless you all.
- Absolute genius
- Four
- I think we could be looking at
- the winner of Britain's Got Talent.
- That was brilliant
- CHEERING
- ANT: Tonight, it's the final
- DEC:Who will be your winner?
- He read
- He read Simon's
- He read Simon's mind.Dave
- He read Simon's mind.Dave &
- He read Simon's mind.Dave & Finn
- # Before I go insane... #
- Guess who's just come home?
- You will make the card disappear
- for us.
- # Broken on the ground... #
- AUDIENCE GASPS
- THEY YELL
- And the judges' wildcard
- will be revealed.
Message Input
Message Ryan Hawthorne, Mohammed Dwina